use is_Recording (#1277)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Support for 1.x will cease on December 4th, 2020**. This branch will only receive fixes for critical issues until that date. Check [this guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/migrating-1x-2x) when planning your migration to 2.x. For details on the 1.x changes, go [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/blob/support-1.x/CHANGELOG.md).

2.9.0 (in progress)
===================

> Update
> ------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes
-------

```

> - `Room.isRecording` previously indicated if recording is enabled for the room. Now it indicates if any track in the room is being recorded.
> Corresponding events `recordingStarted` and `recordingStopped` will be emitted when status of `isRecording` changes. (JSDK-3064)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Previously, `Room.isRecording` indicated whether recording is enabled for the Room. Now it indicates if the Track published to the Room are being recorded. If recording is enabled for the Room, then `Room.isRecording` is said to `true` when the first Track is published to the Room. It is set to `false` when the last Track is unpublished from the Room. The `recordingStarted` and `recordingStopped` events will be emitted on the Room when `Room.isRecording` toggles. (JSDK-3064)
``````
